welcome to the star gel on for a big
meeting between Leon and Marseille
they'll make three changes from their
nil-nil draw at rest for Farah and Ghana
loans into the midfield darbo into the
defense as for Marseille they make one
change from the 2-1 win over tois voodoo
sugu replaces Jordan I you le bub
looking to close the gap on Leon with
victory tonight he's Valbuena to shin
yang and he is a shot just wide i'm not
sure but Kootra knew where that was
going she knocks it nine league on goals
already this season and he nearly gave
Marseille the lead pressure from
Marseille they've been the better side
his shin yak again overhead kick that's
another chance for the multiple Liga
champions la vraie misses the flight of
the ball big chance his luck asset he
plays it to mal Bronk like a zetts once
in the return i brung plays it to him
like his it goes over and Mandanda
gathers uneventful first half neither
side in great for Marseille have won
just two of the last six Leon two wins
and two defeats in their last five Remi
Garde side
looking to get one over their rivals
Leon putting a bit of pressure on his
for fanart that's just wide concertedly
on pressure he's come back to him TT who
tries the shots it's a very very good
shot mandando has to be at his alert
best the 19 year old the lovely drilled
strike they're still goalless marseille
corner it's andre ayew who meets it with
the header and that is just a whisker
white the ghanaian very very close is
Valbuena since awards in yak and was
that a hand ball by visa batch marseille
are insistent let's have a look it is a
hand ball that should be a penalty and
that's full time at the stud gel on nil
nil leon failed to close the gap on PSG